Add migration instructions for Riak @ MIM 3.3.0+ (#2339)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/migrations/3.3.0_3.3.0plus.md

### Riak

> Changes to Riak schema are backwards compatible with the current MongooseIM release.

Reviewer: Changes to Riak schema are backward compatible with the current MongooseIM release.

> Changes to Riak schema are backwards compatible with the current MongooseIM release.

Author: ```suggestion
Changes to Riak schema are backward compatible with the current MongooseIM release.
```

> This means that in case of skipping of the migrations, only some new features (namely GDPR data retrival) won't work correctly.

Reviewer: This means that skipping the migration will cause only some of the new features (namely GDPR data retrival) to not work correctly.

> This means that in case of skipping of the migrations, only some new features (namely GDPR data retrival) won't work correctly.

Author: ```suggestion
This means that skipping the migration will cause only some of the new features (namely GDPR data retrival) to not work correctly.
```

#### Step 1

Please update the Riak schema:
```bash

> # Set the RIAK_HOST to you Riak HTTP endpoint

Reviewer 2: to your

> # Set the RIAK_HOST to you Riak HTTP endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
# Set the RIAK_HOST to your Riak HTTP endpoint
```

# Set the RIAK_MAM_SCHEMA_PATH to point to new schema path, which
# by default is: RIAK_MAM_SCHEMA_PATH=tools/mam_search_schema.xml
curl -v -XPUT $RIAK_HOST/search/schema/mam \
    -H 'Content-Type:application/xml' \
    --data-binary @${RIAK_MAM_SCHEMA_PATH}
```

After that we need to either reload all Riak nodes (restart them) or manually reload the schema on live nodes.

> Reloading of schema of live nodes requires access to Erlang Shell of one of the Riak nodes (any of them).

Reviewer: Reloading the schema on live nodes requires access to Erlang Shell of one of the Riak nodes (any of them).

> Reloading of schema of live nodes requires access to Erlang Shell of one of the Riak nodes (any of them).

Author: ```suggestion
Reloading the schema on live nodes requires access to Erlang Shell of one of the Riak nodes (any of them).
```

The instruction on how to get to Riak's Erlang shell is beyond this guide, but if you manage to get to it, just call:

```erlang
yz_index:reload(<<"mam">>).
```

#### Step 2

After the schema is posted and reloaded, all "new" objects will be indexed properly as long they contain 2 new fields: `msg_owner_jid` and `mam_type`.

> The new MongooseIM code will insert both of them for all new MAM entires, but for all existing ones, we need to "update" by adding those fields.

Reviewer: The new MongooseIM code will insert both of them for all new MAM entires, but for all existing ones need to have the fields added.

> The new MongooseIM code will insert both of them for all new MAM entires, but for all existing ones, we need to "update" by adding those fields.

Author: ```suggestion
The new MongooseIM code will insert both of them for all new MAM entires, but for all existing ones need to have the fields added.
```

In order to do that, we need to create a migration script (just pick your favourite scripting/programming language) that will do the following for *each* object in *each* bucket of type `mam_yz` (the object will be referred as `obj`):

> * Use [this dedicated script](jid-from-mam-muc-script.md) to convert `obj.packet_register` field value into so called `$SENDER_JID`.

Reviewer: Use [this dedicated script](jid-from-mam-muc-script.md) to convert the `obj.packet_register` field value into a so called `$SENDER_JID`.

> * Use [this dedicated script](jid-from-mam-muc-script.md) to convert `obj.packet_register` field value into so called `$SENDER_JID`.

Author: ```suggestion
* Use [this dedicated script](jid-from-mam-muc-script.md) to convert the `obj.packet_register` field value into a so called `$SENDER_JID`.
```

* If the script returns `$SENDER_JID` correctly:
  * set `obj.mam_type = 'muc'`
  * set `obj.msg_owner_jid = $SENDER_JID`
* If the script returns error code `-2`
  * set `obj.mam_type = 'pm'`

>   * based on `obj_yz_rk` which is in format `$LOCAL_JID/$REMOTE_JID/$MSG_ID`, set `obj.msg_owner_jid = $LOCAL_JID`

Reviewer: * based on `obj_yz_rk` formatted `$LOCAL_JID/$REMOTE_JID/$MSG_ID`, set `obj.msg_owner_jid = $LOCAL_JID` ?

>   * based on `obj_yz_rk` which is in format `$LOCAL_JID/$REMOTE_JID/$MSG_ID`, set `obj.msg_owner_jid = $LOCAL_JID`

Author: ```suggestion
  * based on `obj_yz_rk` formatted as `$LOCAL_JID/$REMOTE_JID/$MSG_ID`, set `obj.msg_owner_jid = $LOCAL_JID`
```

@goddammit ?

Reviewer: yup:)
